Oh ladies and gentlemen guys so
practically I found them funny 5pc place
guys as I hear the real beat device but
I actually have to look at right now
start see all the noise because we're
actually outside realize like right in
solutions hearing substitute a love it
now and next to me we have 25 bird
people you know exactly is it Freddie
fastest place this place is called I'm
trying to show the phone them because I
don't want don't want to so called
gormer's this is alright sorry but we're
kind of pretty hot pizza places this
place is just really weird and creepy
because kind of shows like the true
thing is a 45 piece of ice cream though
and it's really weird now we're actually
gonna take a big look inside so this is
like an old I'm like an old you know
until we go ice cream place to see yes
I'm Peter here itself Itza and pizza and
ice cream mostly ice cream knows how
your food and hopefully it's not open
damn next they actually got called what
if you look inside I'm just gonna decide
what I'll just my camera okay well not
justice reason that's stupid that looks
sweet if you look inside I don't know
why but if you look right there it's you
know what breaking right there
okay I'm not just my total security
cameras it looks like this kinda looks
like those are okay sir let's get scared
too I'm not kind of nice but those
illegals I see a camera guys and it is
really weird okay my camera stuff to
yell it why you can see right there
yells he also looked a little dated see
see right there it looks really weird
gets he from us it's too far to see it
but and I was like well dining room I
could see the dining room from here
the main area the location stir in the
kitchen bubbler and go say where Shane
will get anything I had a car but we're
saying I'm saying a little farther from
now and it looks pretty it looks like a
pretty neat place it looks pretty sweet
but if this place ever opens you guys
music some updates on if I find any more
news on it I am I'm gonna look about a
look at you live it on Google Maps guys
and look up the location on Google Maps
I will I'll show you it's all about
about delivery the city security cams
right there right there right there
right there
Oh while I guess lemons had the place I
hope not it's a little bit really sneaky
stuff that's how I see why you yeah
I'm kind of scared to do so because it's
just like oh it's kind of script
impressed with the leaked record to go
because I am it looks like it really
need police and stuff and look pretty
cool so but adds like a lot of cool
stuff in like that it has a lot ice
cream delight to say it looks looking at
home it's a good nice little place in
yeah yeah um write like comment
subscribe guys wanna see more of this
this is kind of weird look how much are
you guys want to see more of this stuff
good you guys will see it's not
subscribe you'll see it in your sub box
of me doing another update of this so
make sure you subscribe guys and yeah
really weird
pretty weird this is right by my house
to my house completely right down there
right down there right on there so I can
walk up here in five minutes and either
so I'm not trying to shoot on the number
really but Yoshi the Google Maps
location will be in the driven to guys
love you guys want check out the place
close place for yourself actually on
Google Maps kind of and see what it
looks like I actually haven't checked
down blue maps yet and yeah alright
alright yeah guys so peace and see